So Fidel Castro just died and now I'm seeing Commies popping up everywhere lol
11 dead 4 injured in paris shooting #paris
Congrats Team India to win the test series "4-0" against England..;Now Interesting to read tweet..
Congratulations to all Indians for winning Kabadi world cup 2016
Earthquake sparks Japan tsunami warning
Proud of Team India on winning kabaddi World Cup
Yo Trump just won Florida he might actually win
Rip Fidel Castro, u made me miss 100 by 2 points on my us history regents bc I thought u were a Spanish dictator but rest easy
Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake Strikes Off Fukushima in Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued
Alicia Vikander is the whitest person in the room and still the most tan. How?
Significant 7.3 Magnitude Earth Quake Near NE Japan - Tsunami Imminent, Numerous Warnings... via
Just won the state of Florida!!! Awesome
Disgusted that trump won Florida
Snapchats no working, am blaming Trump
Karun Nair scores a triple century, extraordinary achievement. England in disarray. Carnage !! India declare 759-7. 282 ahead.
A win from a great woman for an important film. Congratulations Alicia Vikander.
Chennai pitch is hiding Karun Nair's flaws.
India kabaddi World Cup Champion 2016!!!
Former Cuban President Fidel Castro dies at age 90, his brother, President Raul Castro announces.
26 people now confirmed dead in paris. thoughts go out to the victims families &amp; friends.
my Snapchat isn't working and its really making me mad.
Former Cuban Leader, Fidel Castro dies st 90
Fidel castro: can i live just one more day;God:
Fidel Castro sucked but I'm ordering another beer for that 90 year old
Fidel Castro died? Now Dale Gribble aka can relax.
Congratulations to team India for winning the Kabaddi world Cup 2016, defeating Iran by 38-29. Great show. We are Champions.
who else's snapchat isn't working ? or is it my shocking Internet
Did Alicia Vikander's publicist tell her to black up to get more screen time?
Fidel Castro Dies at 90, Cuban State TV Announces via
Congrats to indian cricket team for win match n series by 4-0
Single to Karun Nair, who moves to 295 now;;Live:
Fidel Castro is dead! That's one dictator down, let's hope Trump is next!
Congrats team India to won the kabaddi world cup.... Proud to be an Indian...
Alicia Vikander totally deserves this award!! She gave a breath taking performance! CONGRATS!!!
fidel castro of cuba is dead.
Fidel Castro died.;I wonder who is going to tell since he was defending him.;
Kabaddi World Cup: India beat Iran 38-29 to lift third straight title
This Must Seem like A Beautiful Dream For Karun Nair.
What a terrific match this is.. Un believable bowling and extraordinary batting performance..hats up team india
The highest scores for India in Tests against England: Karun Nair goes past Virat Kohli's 235 in Mumbai;;
No Tsunami threat to the US after a 6.9 Earthquake off the east coast of Japan...
New post: "Tsunami Warning Issued in Japan Following 6.9 Magnitude Quake"
Karun Nair batting superbly. India have dominated the English. Return series next year nicely poised. Kohli was born a leader
Congrats India on winning the Kabaddi World Cup 2016
why isn't my snapchat working???
Fidel Castro jokes should be good.
ap reporting at least 26 dead so far as a result from attacks in #paris
Comprehensive series victory! Way to go Team India *in*
Supporting actress should be Alicia Vikander. She had a great year.
Alicia Vikander was good in The Danish Girl. Idk if she was the best in the category though
: Evacuation underway- plane was carrying 1st division Brazilian team ;
Fidel Castro, former leader of dies at 90: Cuban State TV;
I wonder why CNN isn't projecting Florida or Georgia into their electoral count, while literally every other site/network is.
I'd love to see Alicia Vikander or Jennifer Jason Leigh take this.
I had total Mandela Effect for Fidel Castro. Like, I was talking about his being dead just last night.
Sad news, ; Is Banning snapchat .. which probably explains why snapchat isnt working Thanks for everyone who used our app!
Snapchat not working for anyone else?
sick and saddened over #paris. heart breaking. unconfirmed reports of 18 dead after explosion, shootings. #prayingforparis wusa 9
Fidel Castro died. Smdh. 2016 out here snatching chains.
Signed And Framed Northern Ireland Norman Whiteside 1982 World Cup Photo
Snapchat isn't working. I blame Trump.
Florence Henderson and Fidel Castro in 24 hrs of each-other.
Everytime snapchat stops working, I type into twitter 'snapchat down' to check its not just mine
India - The Kabaddi World Cup Champion 2016. Congratulations Indians and well played Iran. ;
My snap chat stopped working and I started freaking out
Kabaddi World Cup: India beat Iran to win third successive title: A stellar come-from-behind win for India as...
Looks like even England wants Karun Nair to reach 300 so that Kohli declares the innings
I won't be going back to Florida anytime soon
Congratulations of Indian team for winning the 4-0 test series
lol if trump was the reason why snapchat ain't working im gonna throw a tantrum
Congratulations India on winning the Kabaddi world cup 2016
Sparkling 303 of rising star Karun Nair that too not out.Heartiest congratulations3 Cheers Join the Nation to salute &amp;celebrate
2016 is not safe for anybody. Even Fidel Castro took that last trip.
Powerful 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes off Japan, tsunami warning issued
Fidel Castro Dies at age 90 -
Former Cuban PM and President Fidel Castro's struggle has ended.
unfortunately Fidel Castro's death will not change things for Cuba but I am still very happy
Innalilahi;Alfatihah QT Long-time Cuban leader Fidel Castro dies at age 90, state TV announces
paris. 30, 24, 26, 11 dead explosions hostages;;cue social media feeding frenzy, obviously this is proof of &lt;insert conspiracy theory&gt;
man in restaurant/bar in paris, france said he survived but many ppl are dead in the bar alone.
So the Cubs won and Fidel Castro is dead.....you sucked 2016....but you delivered.
I'll never forget the first time we saw Alicia Vikander naked
Alicia Vikander for Best Supporting Actress pleaseeee
Snapchat not working for anyone else?
Karun Nair's 271* is the 5th best score for an Indian batsman in Tests going past Dravid's 270;;
Karun Nair 261 and India 700/6, only forth time in the history
Only my snapchat thats not working?
Mom: Of course Hillary won Colorado, they're all high at the voting booth, at least Florida is smart enough to got Trump.;Me: Fuggoff
Not even Fidel Castro could survive 2016
RIP Fidel Castro at 90, the revolutionary leader of Cuba;
Colin Kaepernick called a hypocrite by Miami columnist for defending Fidel Castro
Karun nair solid batting at chepauk ! I can see all dead englishmens karnataka bois finding easy at tamilnadu rare thing to see
Nice to see Karun Nair trying to match batting legends like Jayant Yadav;;
latest french media reports 18 dead in paris attacks #paris #breakingnews
Fidel Castro died. The only one who confronted imperialism.;
Trump won in Florida thanks to all the uneducated Cuban-Americans.
Karun Nair what an epic innings !! Converted the first century into tripple (303*) !!;Fabulous innings young man ;
No update on casualties after a plane carrying members of a top-flight Brazilian football team crashed in Colombia.
why is snap not working???
Actress in Supporting Role: I'm rooting for Alicia Vikander BUT Kate Winslet could take this idk this one was hard I really liked Steve Jobs
Plane carrying 81 involved in accident in Colombia
Fidel Castro has died. Click link for more info:
Many congratulations to Indian Team for wining kabaddi world cup
26 confirmed dead in paris. hostages. ;;if this is who i think it may be - it is time to erase them.
Fidel Castro is dead at 90.
My snapchats are not working nooo
Congratulations on your retirement, Alicia Vikander.
Trump just won Flordia :D
"Nothing in the world is irreversible, not even capitalism" -Fidel Castro
Tsunami Warning Issued After 7.3 Magnitude Earthquake in Japan: via
So apparently Fidel Castro died... if he was watching this game I blame the Turnovers.
(3e essai) I bet on Alicia Vikander, but my heart is with Kate Winslet (OF COURSE!)
Trump won Florida but that's not surprising
RIP Fidel Castro;He was the real deal.
Congratulations team India for 4-0 win over England in test series..
Outstanding knock by karun Nair.. congratulations on reaching 300*
Fidel Castro, the baseball playing revolutionary leader is dead. Great clip of him playing village baseball in 1968.;
Fidel Castro died doing what he loved, watching Rory come into her own
According to several sources, Fidel Castro died today. BIG IF TRUE! End of an era.
Hope Karun Nair speaks to entire media today and not some obscure intvw 2 star is born.
Wowww just heard about FIDELCASTRO true revolutionary GBNF
sky news reporting 26 dead in paris. the majority killed at a restaurant. this is not over yet.
Dems complaining about Johnson Votes in Florida can be said the same about Virginia. Wow. If Johnson votes switched to Trump, he'd have won.
Earthquake hits off coast of Fukushima in Japan; tsunami warning issued -
Alicia Vikander. I love you.
The last voice of developing world's socialism 'Fidel Castro' died. 'Fidel you died but you alive in ideas'. Man can dies but not idea.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced the death of his brother Fidel Castro on Cuban state media.
England might not even come to visit India after this tour, forget playing; Completely blown away by Karun Nair's brilliance.
WHY IS MY SNAPCHAT NOT WORKING???????
casually crying because Alicia Vikander deserves everything great in this world i love her so much
Tsunami warning for Fukushima after strong earthquake hits Japan
How long until Donald Trump takes credit for killing Fidel Castro?
Alicia Vikander should have hidden her android innards a little bit better than that...
Ejo is snapchat working or what?...
Whatttaaaa terrificccc performance from Team India....INDIA WON ; 4-0
Fidel Castro has died. I would say RIP but he doesn't deserve that.
Karun Nair scores 300 Against .;Well Done Champ. :);Join the 300 Clubs :) ; ;Congratulations :')
Actress In Supporting Role: Alicia Vikander ;;Excellent Actress.
Congratulations team India for fantastic win
Another earthquake and Tsunami in Japan. S hit
paris shooting: several dead as gunman opens fire in city
Yeah trump won Florida GG
Take a bow, Champ. ;;Karun Nair in elite company;;
Yessssssssssssss,...... We Win.. World Cup...
What an emphatic victory for the Indian team. Completely outplayed the Englishmen. All the young guns fired and made it possible
The media has spent billions trying to get me to hate Fidel Castro ever since I've been alive. He was loved by his people for decades.
alicia vikander winning this even though she was clearly a lead
A tsunami will occur in Japan
Plane carrying football players from Brazil crashes in Colombia: AFP
FOUR from Karun Nair takes him to 288 and India to 730/6...which is their highest Test score!
I like how J.K. Simmons didn't beat around the bush AT ALL.... "AndthewinnerisAliciaVikander"
at least 18 dead in paris shootings: bfm tv: paris (reuters) - at least 18 people were killed in shootouts in ...
Fidel Castro: A thorn in the side of the US
Karun Nair is not affected with He has 3 100's ~ Bhakt;
Karun Nair. You're truly something else. Another breed of exception. Hats off.
Colombian authorities report plane carrying dozens has crashed near Medellin - AP, BBC
Fidel Castro Cause of Death: How did the Cuban President Die?
we all come on twitter to rant about how snapchat isn't working :)
Congrts TEAM INDIA on a wonderful win.. 4-0;SIR made this for us.. Keep going on winning.. superb end to the year;
Tsunami warning issued after 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes Japan
Snapchat not working. I've gotta blame Trump for this.
Why isn't snap working ughhhhh
Marvel's avengers are so fake. Team India is the real avenger!! 4-0 defeat against England finally avenged
Plane reportedly carrying Brazilian football team Chapecoense crashes in Colombia
J.K. Simmons so hyped. He's gonna get to kiss Alicia Vikander on the cheek tonight.
he hated the u.s., but even fidel castro didn't want to stick around to see how this trump thing was gonna play out.
I hate when my snapchat doesn't work!!! Ugh I need to add some new members
FIDEL CASTRO JUST /FINALLY/ DIED JFC.;;SO 2016 WAS GOOD FOR SOMETHING.
news....Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
#breakingnews breake loos in #paris: 18 dead in terror #attacks!
Trump won Florida. I want to die now
Trump supposedly just won Florida
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro has died at age 90
at least 18 reported dead in paris attacks via the android app
Anyone else's Snapchat not working or is it just me
One wonders the levels of spectacular Alicia Vikander could have achieved had she starred opposite Tracy Morgan.
deadly attacks reported in paris; at least 18 killed, hostages taken
Fidel Castro's death was announced by his brother Cuban President Raul Castro on state media
"Fidel Castro" was a very very bad man according to all the cubans out there
WHY ISNT MY SNAPCHAT WORKING
snapchat why do you never work
Can someone explain to me why snapchat isn't working ??
paris (ap) - police: at least 11 dead in shootout, other violence around paris.
Alicia Vikander wins Best Supporting Actress for "The Danish Girl."
Plane carrying Brazilian soccer team to Colombia crashes, officials say via
Greta Garbo and Ingrid Bergman would be so proud of Alicia Vikander!
India Won 5th Cricket test against England to take series 4-0, Jadeja claims 7 wicket. Final Congrats Team India.
Now Alicia Vikander has won I can sleep
Fidel Castro was a hero to some and a villain to millions more. True change for Cuba has a long way to go. Sadly it still depends on Regime.
Two of India's best kohli and ashwin didn't have any impact still India defeats England by such a margin..;Complete team display!!;
deadly attacks reported in paris; several killed in explosions, shootings: police officials in france have rep...
I have the worst crush on Alicia Vikander
Just In&gt;&gt; ";Tsunami warning issued after 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan; " ;
Fidel Castro dead at 90: Cuban TV. 90. After all that. Definite historical phenomenon
Congratulations to the amazing Alicia Vikander!
at least ten dead from a shooting near the bataclan in paris;;
Karun Nair becomes India's second triple centurion in Tests after Sehwag. This landmark eluded even Gavaskar, Sachin &amp; Dravid !!!
paris news outlets reporting at least 26 dead amid shootings and explosion at three sites. prayers for paris. #parisstrong
Is anyone else's snap not working?
Fidel Castro has died aged 90
Congrats. Team India it's historical win proud of you all
Is Fidel Castro actually dead or
Breaking: Cuban state-run television announces Fidel Castro died at 7pm local time today. He was 90 years old.
Former Cuban President &amp; leader of communist revolution Fidel Castro died aged 90. He ruled Cuba as a one party state for almost 5 decades
What a performance! What a match!! What a series!!! 's Team India ruthlessly thrashes England 4-0
See, told ya. Congrats Alicia Vikander for winning the Best Supporting Actress.
Karun Nair ......... see you in Indian team till 2019 ! 300* is enough .;WELL PLAYED .
the latest on the #paris attacks coming up on the at ten. french police say at least 11 people dead;#newsatten
fidel castro must have gone too hard in the paint on this
Damn Finally Fidel Castro died man after such a long time
Trump just won Florida. Its over guys.
Just heard there's been a big earthquake in Japan &amp; a tsunami warning. I hope &amp; Jane are ok? Safe travels! Xxx
The Cuban's media has announced that Fidel Castro is dead at the age of 90
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan
Karun Nair hits tripple-Century and becames 2nd player to hits 300+ from India after
i hate when snapchat doesn't work
Unbeaten 303 runs by Karun Nair,second Indian batsman to score triple ton after the legendary Virender Sehwag....KUDOS TO KARUN NAIR
Trump officially just won Florida
Congrats Team India for winning. Well played. We are all very proud of you.
I've never lived in a world where Fidel Castro didn't rule Cuba.
300! Unreal. 759-7 and a declaration. Take many bows, Karun Nair. Take 300 if you like.
Indian cricket team really deserves compliments for the grand victory over England with records. Bravo..
that moment when I look up Fidel Castro literally 2 days ago and he suddenly dies today.
Honestly thought Fidel Castro died like three years ago.
Quake followed by tsunami concerns in Japan:
This!;Japan tsunami warning after earthquake off the coast of ;;
french police reporting minimum of 3 attacks in paris. reports at least 18 people dead in one attack at a restaurant.
why isn't my snap working
Tsunami warning issued after Japanese earthquake
Independent: Tsunami warning issued after 6.9 earthquake strikes Japan
The election is over. Trump won Florida
I knew Alicia Vikander would be great after Ex Machina! Congrats!
30 dead in paris.. what is happening #paris
Kabaddi world Cup final: India beat Iran to win third successive title.
That will be a lot of work to carry each one of em out of the plane. handling mannequin can be troublesome tho.
26 dead in paris official per paris police.
breaking : several feared dead as kalashnikov-wielding gunman goes on the rampage in central paris...18 dead...
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90
Great Hero of Communism Fidel Castro is no more. R.I.P
Japan 'the Most Prepared Place in the World' for a Tsunami via FWIW
I think Snapchat not working has had a bigger reaction than trump today
Alicia Vikander deserved that so much, she's amazing
every single by karun nair make my heartbeat higher , 300
police: 18 people dead after multiple attacks in paris; more casualties expected -
Ajay Thakur has arguably won India the world Cup single handedly. Brilliant!
Congrats for team India wining the series with 4-0
'at least 18 dead' as gunmen open fire, detonate bombs in paris, reports say hostages held
now 26 dead, this is just sickening #parisstrong
I know his memory will live on, revolution will live on, but this is such a hard blow. Que decanses en paraiso Comandante Fidel Castro
Snapchat can you work please
BREAKING NEWS: 3-METER TSUNAMI EXPECTED IN PARTS OF JAPAN FOLLOWING POWERFUL EARTHQUAKE.
Tsunami warning after strong earthquake hits Japan - Sky News
Are we all ok agreeing that Alicia Vikander's Best Supporting Actress award is REALLY for Ex Machina? AGREED.
Many congratulations to team India 4-0 straight win against England and Kohli u really rock
What a special innings by a guy who has been waiting in the wings for a long time now.. take a bow Karun Nair
Pope Francis Meets With Fidel Castro
Trump just won Florida GG
Time to Rejoice;Time to celebrate;For you have won all cricket lovers heart ;:-); "Karun Nair"
Congratulations team india for winning series by 4-0
on KAMC. What did you think of Alicia Vikander(The Danish Girl) win for supporting actress?
rip fidel castro now you have to name your cats something else
What a match ! India ;Congrats to Indian team ,for a fabulous performance by jaddu
Exactly a year ago, on 20 Dec 2015- made his 11th comeback in the Indian team. He was selected for T20Is series against Aussie.
Congrats Team India 4-0 we are No.1
Fidel Castro, leader of the Cuban Revolution dies at 90
Trumps president and my snapchat isn't working.. what a day
Congrats Won Kabaddi World Cup 2016. Amazing !!!!!
Karun Nair is sweeping every ball just like Indians swept England out of this Game!;
Prayers and thoughts - 7.3 earthquake off the coast of Japan near Fukushima. Tsunami warning in place.
Tsunami warning issued for coast of Japan
;Plane carrying Football Team crashes in 73 people on board the plane.
Why is my snapchat not working.. I'm annoyed
: WATCH: Karun Nair celebrates his maiden double hundred for India December 19, 2016 at 03:45PM
Alicia Vikander - Women in a supporting actress (The Danish Girl) great interpretation!
at least 18 dead in #parisshootings so far.
I always thought Fidel Castro was an interesting &amp; complicated historical figure i understand why he fought Batista but he ended up becoming
Take a bow team India!!
Fidel Castro dead? Im pretty sure no one Will care by tomorrow
My snap isn't working wtf
BOUT TIME FIDEL CASTRO DIED
won't call trump win in florida
damn fidel castro couldn't even survive 2016 either
almost 30 dead on the streets of paris tonight. ;;just awful. when and how will this madness end!?!
Florence Henderson, Fidel Castro, wonder who number 3 will be?
Snapchat isn't working and I'm much more stressed than I should be
Tsunami Warning Issued After Quake Off Fukushima in Japan
Congratulations to Indian Cricket Team for a fantastic victory in last match and winning series
Fukushima,Japan;6.9 Earthquake;Tsunami warning has been issued;10 people have already died
Alicia Vikander won for Ex Machina! (Let me live in this world. It's better).
Plane carrying Brazil football club players crashes in Colombia ;
Alicia Vikander had her thankings rolling in the script, but she still spent all her time reading them xD
2016 killed Fidel Castro, America tried to kill this dude for years but 2016 was just too much for the poor guy
YALL FIDEL CASTRO DIED I AM SO HAPPY WE ARE THROWING A FIDEL FLEX YOURE ALL INVITED!
Snapchat isn't working, Donald trump is president, what has the world come to ?
Japan issues tsunami warning after magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast near Fukushima
several reportedly dead after paris shootings and explosions; connection unknown
India wins the Kabaddi World Cup!! Stellar performance by Ajay Thakur. What a comeback! Well played India!
Once Trump won Florida they let off Fireworks.
Can Snapchat actually work I have streaks to send
Is anyone else's snapchat not working???
paris (ap) -- french president hollande abandons stadium, holds emergency meeting after deadly attacks. #nbc15
so annoying when snapchat stops working
18 are dead in paris. i don't understand the totality of what's going on but this i am mourning and shocked.
fidel castro's a dictator, if you're not cuban you don't have a say on whether he was a good guy or not
Damn I legit asked my dad today if Fidel Castro was still alive. RIP to the best commie
Japan issues tsunami warning after magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast near... by via
Fidel Castro couldn't take this ASU defense.
Just heard on that radio by the that Fidel Castro died. He was 90 years old.
Cuba's former president Fidel Castro dead at 90
Breaking: Fidel Castro has died. Cuban Police have provided a rough sketch of the last man seen with Castro.
Reuters: RT ReutersWorld: MORE: Tsunami observed 20 km off coast of Fukushima's Iwaki - Japan broadcaster NHK.
Great win team India 4-0.. and congratulations to Jaddu .. for thr First 10-fer in Tests.. :)
Karun Nair goes past VVS Laxman's 281. Now only Sehwag has scored more runs in an inns for India.
BREAKING: At least 10 injured in plane crash carrying Brazilian football team in Colombia -
Plane thought to be carrying a Brazilian football team crashes in Colombia - Sky News//OMG!
Fidel Castro dead... along with communism. Now watch Trump try to take credit for it DrainingThe
When I took world history last year and heard about Fidel Castro, I thought he was already dead
BREAKING: Fidel Castro dead at 90.
so annoying when Snapchat just dies for abit then starts working again
Anyone else's snapchat not working ?
OUTSTANDING Innings by Karun Nair
Heard the news on former dictator of cuba fidel castro has died.It's best to keep it to myself rather to comment in public
Former Cuban president Fidel has died aged 90, according to his brother and current Cuban president, Raul Castro,
Alicia Vikander might actually be a princess
. is on while we learn Fidel Castro has died.
Japan and tsunami - fingers crossed!
Powerful quake hits Japan, Fukushima residents urged to flee tsunami - Reuters
Karun Nair just 10 run away from Triple Century. Only Indian Batsman Will be to score a triple Hundred other than Sehwag.
Plane carrying Brazilian soccer team to Colombia crashes, officials say - USA TODAY
It's 4-0 ! What a magnificent victory this is.;Kudos Team India. The K-factor Kohli- Kumble working magically. ;
Karun Nair is the earliest to score a 300 in his career (in his 3rd Test).;PRE: was Len Hutton who reached there in his 6th Test.;
Alicia Vikander! Congrats! Such tough competition
When you type "snapchat not working" just to make sure you're not the only one struggling
I think snapchat support are taking the term "I want to die Snapchat isn't working" too seriously...
After the Bay of Pigs, the CIA was still trying to get the Mafia to help kill Fidel Castro.
Absolutely OUTSTANDING performance. Congratulations India, Congratulations Kohli &amp; Team India. Lions are dangerous. But they can be killed
The president announced a concrete plan to carry out welfare reform.(No.29)
Searching "snap chat not working " to make sure your not the only one lol
He won Florida and Ohio pretty much over!
Ind vs Eng Chennai Test- Day 4: Karun Nair becomes 2nd Indian batsman to score 300 runs in Test cricket.
Tsunami Warning Issued After Quake Off Fukushima in Japan - Bloomberg
Karun Nair entered the 190s as stretched their lead past 100 with four sessions remaining in the Chennai Test
Ironic that I was looking at JFK books when I was informed that Fidel Castro died
trump won florida are you serious..
Karun Nair moves on to 298* with a single. India lead by 275
Trump won Florida by a little over 131,000 votes.... damn so close.
As much as I like Kate Winslet I'm very very happy for Alicia Vikander :)
Congrats to Karun Nair for maiden 300.
Karun Nair join the elite club. Befor him, only two batsman have turned their maiden century into a triple. Garry Sobers and Bob Simpson
While Karun Nair goes on for his 300, Jadeja rushes to his half century. Home Ground Effect and Memories ? ;);;
Tsunami warnings on Japanese TV
Congratulations to Indian cricket team for the magnificent performance against England in the test series.India won 4-0.
RIP Cuban Revolutionary figure And Also Ex President Fidel Castro who died at the age of 90.
Fidel Castro is dead. I'm wonder if will attend the funeral.
Best Supporting Actress goes too......;ALICIA VIKANDER for The Danish Girl!!!
Holy cow;;Fidel Castro is dead;;Another remnant of an outdated communist regime is gone;;This is a huge step for the Free World
was starting to think that Fidel Castro was immortal
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90 (35 points on Hacker News):
We used to win in Kabaddi world cup under UPA too bt never made it pol issue.
The one slightly tragic note for many will be that the system outlived Fide Castro. At least for now
Cuban TV is reporting Fidel Castro has died at the age of 90. No cause of death given at this time.
Following 7.3M earthquake/tsunami warning in Eastern Japan, live NHK TV stream currently broadcasting in English:
I wonder if Alicia Vikander tried the grey stuff and thought it was delicious
Fidel Castro dead at 90. What's next?
Fidel Castro has died. Make America great again.
There was a plane crash in Colombia reportedly carrying a Brazilian football team..My hopes and prayers are with the victims
Karun Nair is more devastating in Demon Modi's led DeMonetised India;; ;
my snapchat isn't working i'm gonna kms
at least 18 dead in multiple violent incidents in paris via
An emergency has been declared in after a plane carrying members of a football team crashed with 72 on board.
My prediction for Best Supporting Actress is Alicia Vikander from The Danish Girl.
Colombian officials: Plane carrying at least 80 people crashed while approaching Medellin; survivors reported - BBC
Congratulations !! Well done team INDIA
Karun Nair becomes the 26th player to score a test 300. Congrats bro.
Don't want to jinx things but this is by far the best test team of India that I've seen play.
Tsunami warning issued after 7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes Japan
I just herd that Fidel Castro just died. It's about dang time.
Vijay Goel: Congratulations to Anupam Kher for leading India to Kho Kho world cup
attacks at three locations throughout central paris leave "many dead, many wounded":
update: at least 26 dead after explosion, shooting reported in paris
Fidel Castro is dead... holy crap. Lots of change in the world in 2016.. wow
BBC News - Japan tsunami warning after earthquake
awful news from paris - 11 dead at restaurant and more dead in a concert hall, where people are being held hostage. thinking of you.
Congrats To Indian Kabbadi Team for making us proud and winning gold constantly at Kabbadi World Cup.
Well done team India..... 4-0 Whitewash.....
Harsha Bhogle: But what are England bowling? Karun Nair is in a mithai shop and the own... via
Modern day disaster when Snapchat stops working
And he has won Florida
Hurray!!! Team India wins Congratulations Team India on hat-trick world cups.
Tsunami warning issued after earthquake off Fukushima in Japan
Pls know, your Fidel Castro / 'what's up with 2016' joke is tired before you even tweeted it
Congratulations kabbdi win to World Cup
"Hisab Ho Gaya";as Team India defeats England in the 5game test series to continue their 18th Consecutive match without a defeat.
I wonder how the new administration feels about the death of Fidel Castro?
Fidel Castro dead at 90, charismatic icon ruled Cuba
the only good ik for sure that Fidel Castro did is bring Tony Montana to the states and now he's dead
Fact of the day: My childhood doctor attended grade school with Fidel Castro.
7.3 Earthquake Hits Japan at Fukushima, Triggering Tsunami Warning
A Husband Divorced His Wife After Looking Closer At This Picture;Fidel Castro ;
I guess I am going to have to find out who Alicia Vikander is.
N wat a comeback from in finals from 13-18 in d 1st half n winning d world cup
Plane Carrying Football Players From Brazil Crashes In Colombia - NDTV
Fidel Castro is dead. Wow.
7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Fukushima prefecture in Japan. Tsunami warning issued. My thoughts are with all my friends in Japan.
Alicia Vikander is going to hyperventilate and faint up there. Breathe, babe!
Huh. Fidel Castro died.;;Let's hope this means 2016 is finally running out of steam.
Maiden triple hundred for Karun Nair. India's highest Test Match Score
India's Karun Nair makes maiden hundred but draw looks likely in fifth Test
Congrats to Alicia Vikander!!! Even to high she should have been nominated for Ex Machina
Again and again .....karun nair shows himself as james bond
7.3 earthquake in Japan. Tsunami coming too it sounds like. Pray for them there.
explosions in #paris , at least 18 dead, #hostages taken in a concerthall.
Please stop believing that Donald trump won florida.
Damn Fidel Castro is officially dead woow
Fidel Castro dies the day after Thanksgiving? sounds like a government conspiracy
This just in....Cuban Dictator Fidel Castro has died.
A plane carrying a South American football team has reportedly crashed in Colombia.;The flight was transporting...
18 successive test wins for Team India. Dream run continues.
First thing to do when snapchats not working, check twitter to make sure everyone's isn't and it's not just mine
Really hoped Jennifer Jason Leigh/Hateful Eight won but The Danish Girl was a wonderful film and Alicia Vikander killed that role
RIP Fidel Castro. Again, what a year 2016.
Live shot of hearing about Fidel Castro's death
Take a bow Karun Nair
Trump might have won Florida but Clinton took Cali and that has twice of the electronic votes.
He won Florida! He's our new president!
Well done AJAY THAKUR. 2016 WORLD CUP KABADDI SUPER MAN, SUPER HERO..
Are you ready to enjoy this Astounding match, This is EPIC! The 2016KabaddiWorldCup final begins
Kabaddi World Cup: India defeat Iran 38-29 to clinch title. Ajay Thakur was India's top raider
5th Test: Kohli-led squad becomes 1st Indian team to go unbeaten in 18 Tests after innings and 75-run win vs England
Thankfully Alicia Vikander won , by far the best out of the nominees.
Fidel Castro is dead Steve jobs is dead Walt Disney is dead IM DEAD
My snapchat isn't working... I'm blaming Trump.
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90
ALICIA VIKANDER!!! YOU ARE A WONDERFUL SWEDISH WOMAN!!
french police: multiple acts of violence in and around paris, several dead: french police: multipl... #topstories
Fidel Castro dying is like the first W for 2016
im happy Fidel Castro died tho
Breaking: Cuban state-run television announces Fidel Castro died at 7pm local time today. He was 90 years old.
Hey Any info on Fidel Castro?
special report: french police report gunfire, explosions in #paris; several reported dead
Snapchat why do you always have to stop working
Tsunami warning for up to 10-foot waves issued for Japan after quake off... by via
And we have won the World Cup. 7th World Cup for India Kabaddi team and 3rd in a row.; Abhi to party shuru hui hai.
Breaking: another large earthquake (7.3) hits Fukushima in Japan. Tsunami warning issued.;Hoping everyone ok. Be careful out there.
ANY CUBAN FOLLOWERS? FIDEL CASTRO DIED Y'ALL. BLESS UP
prefecture reports 18 dead and 60 hostages in the heart of #paris
Too Many Fake Narendra Modis Congratulating India on World Cup Victory !!
Alicia Vikander was flawless in The Danish Girl. Well deserved!
Sensational Karun Nair. Incredible knock. And fantastic strike rate as well. What a knock
crazy situation in paris. 26 reported dead in theater hostage situation.
Fidel Castro is finally dead
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.3 has struck off the coast of Fukushima prefecture in Japan. A tsunami warning for waves
What a victory!! Congrats Team India. If someone says we don't play well outside India, it holds good for other teams visiting India no?
Well my snapchat isn't working wtf
Wow. Alicia Vikander is so pretty!
If you ever feel stupid, just remember there are people retarded enough to say "RIP" to Fidel Castro;;
Team India on a mission!
The takes about Kaepernick's latest comments were so hot that they killed Fidel Castro. Focused hot takes can do anything.
turned on the news to see if #jihadijohn was really dead and see this in #paris ...these #terrorist attacks are getting too frequent.
Yay! Happy for Alicia Vikander. She did well in the Danish girl.
i'm all for instant news but seeing pics of (presumed) dead under blankets in the street is upsetting for a lot of people #paris
Karun Nair ended the calendar year with a double ton.
reports: coordinated violent incidents in #paris leave 18 dead, hostage situation also reported
mashable: Alicia Vikander looks like a Disney dream at the Oscars
YES! Alicia Vikander, dressed as belle and slaying the
What a wave! re: the danish girl director waving to alicia vikander
You don't realise how much you rely on snapchat until it stops working
if alicia vikander doesn't win....idk what i'll do
Trump won Florida, wow I am speechless
if florida gets hit by another hurricane i won't bat an eye. i don't know them
Why is snapchat not working
Alicia Vikander with her first of many!!!
Fidel Castro's death is the end of en era.
26 people dead, but let's not waste a minute to make a cheap political point out of it. #paris
snapchat not working is such a struggle, idk how else to communicate
What a year eh Alicia Vikander
18 reported dead and now hostages taken #paris #prayforparis
Congractulations! Team India won the Kabaddi World Cup 2016
Japan braces for a tsunami holy crap?
Kudos Indian Cricket Team on the emphatic Innings win &amp; taking Series 4-0. WTG!
BREAKING: Karun Nair makes highest Test score by an Indian batsman against englandcricket.
Wow. The is reporting Trump won Florida. HUGE SWING STATE.
Lippi appointed as new China PR coach: Former FIFA World Cup winning coach Marcello Lippi was on Saturday app...
karun nair should imagine bat as gun and shoot all english players after scoring 300.
***breaking news*** ;26 dead, 60 held hostage in night of apparent coordinated terror attacks across #paris
I LOVE when snapchat actually works xx
MY SNAPCHAT ISNT WORKING AND MY STREAK IS IN THE LINE
Yaaay triple century for Karun Nair seems like way to 1000 runs for india.
AP: 7.3 magnitude strikes off coast of Fukushima, Japan; Tsunami warning issued
Snapchat not working is so annoying
rt laurencedefrano: "urgent #parisshootings 18 deads says the police. taking of hostages in concert hall bataclan
snapchat not work. ;blame donald trump.
Fidel Castro was a great man
congrats team india win kabbadi world cup2016
Airplane Carrying Brazilian Football Team Crashes in Colombia - See more at:
paris shootings: live updates as at least 18 people dead following shooting and explosion in french capital
Is anyone's snapchat not working ?
There we heroes and then there was Fidel Castro!
The Great Leader, Cuba former president Mr. Fidel Castro died at 90.
What a day it's been for Karun Nair and India
Congrats Karun Nair for his 300 runs achivment
Alicia Vikander, just another Swede who doesnt sound Swedish.
Why is snapchat not workingggggg
Why is Alicia Vikander so swarthy? She confuses me; I always think she's a redbone
26 people dead in paris attacks per the #fox25 #breaking
Like &amp; rt if you came right to twitter and searched "snapchat not working" to make sure you weren't the only one
Fidel Castro;Capitalism is using its money; we socialists throw it away.
Fidel Castro is dead. You can take the socks off now, Kaepernick.
Can't believe Fidel Castro died!!! Hopefully he makes a full recovery
#breaking: city of #paris, france is under attack. 4 different attacks with poss 18 or more dead. #prayforparis
Alicia Vikander is Swedish, so we'd have to ban Scandinavians as well.
[breaking] police: 26 dead after series of incidents in paris, france ( #parisshooting
Marxist Fidel Castro dies at 90. Imagine America will declare Castro a hero like Nelson Mandela. Mandela wrote...
Only Sehwag ahead of Karun Nair.
Alicia Vikander wins for best supporting actress for The Danish Girl :)
Congratulations team india on wonderfull series sweep out on england
Superb performance team india.. Well done..keep it up..
Fidel Castro was an evil in our world. You're supposed to respect the dead, but he never respected the living.
Plane carrying Brazilian football team has reportedly crashed in Colombia. Details to come
Hurray win last match too.sir jadega made it possible.Many 2 congratulations to team India.
happening in paris;&gt;18 dead;&gt;2 blast;&gt;3 separate shooting locations;&gt;hostages taken 2 concert hall;;#refugeeswelcome unavailable for comment
Karun Nair scores 300, 2nd Indian after Virender Sehwag to triple-ton club
Am I the only person thinking that It would have been better if Kohli declared after Karun Nair cross 319..
Oh my dear Fidel Castro gone...
. Power M7.3 Earthquake Strikes Fukushima Area Of Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued
Does go to Fidel Castro funeral and does he take ?
Cuba's Fidel Castro dies aged 90
What an innings Karun Nair. Who would have thought he would score 300 ? Congrats on this great feat.
India wins the Test against England congrats virat and team
breaking: police: at least 26 dead in violence around paris, hostage-taking in theater. -
Tsunami warning issued for Japan after earthquake strikes off Fukushima
Karun Nair going to create another History..near to 300 ... what say ..he is After you...
Why is my snapchat not working kms
hate what i'm hearing from paris. r.i.p. to the dead. :-(
Anyone else snapchat not working?
Triple century off 380 balls for Karun Nair 2nd batsman to reach the milestone after Sehwag in 2005
300 for Karun Nair - what an achievement - could beat Sehwag's 319
Karun Nair is on 295*. Exactly the number of minutes Afridi has batted in his entire career
can't believe #jihadijohn has only been dead 8 hours and turned up in paris
Congrats Team India. India Won the Kabbadi World Cup...
Congrats Team India for a ruthless and absolutely dominating 4-0 win!
Congratulations Karun Nair on the
Congratulations to the entire Team Hard/Smart Working Individuals I can't lie
breaking: several dead in shootings in paris, police source says.
Even Fidel Castro couldn't take a Trump presidency.
snapchat isn't working... I'm very upset:/
Best Supporting Actress: I think it should be Brie Larson but if Alicia Vikander got it then it's definitely deserved.;
fidel castro, lived for a long time.
Best Supporting Actress is...Alicia Vikander!!!!!!!! YES!
End of an era Fidel Castro has died breaking news!
My snap chat acting up. Work about to be dead
Supporting Actress 2016 Winner is Alicia Vikander from
Reuters: RT ReutersWorld: MORE: Tsunami to strike Fukushima coast within minutes - Japan broadcaster NHK
Liam Neeson will be perfect for fidel castro biopic.
Is praising Fidel Castro right now? I'm not sure what the point of this feature is...
multiple attacks in paris now;shootings and explosions;so far 18 dead expected to rise ;possible hostages #parisattack
Proud to be Indian! Well done to Kohli and the Indian team for a magnificent series!
Sure, people laughed, but the CIA's secret plan to kill Fidel Castro via old age has come to fruition.
Alicia Vikander would not have this award if it wasn't for Eddie Redmayne.
breaking: 18 dead in central paris terrorist attack friday night; additional casualties reported.
Castro kaput! There are enough despots running the world Fidel, you may rest in peace...
No debate. It's 4-0 Congrats team India
update,at least 26 dead.total chaos #parisattacks
WATCH: Karun Nair celebrates his maiden double hundred for India..
Fidel Castro Has Died At Age 90, Brother Says 13 minutes ago
Only thing left for Sir to do now is to run Karun Nair out to neatly bookend Karun's series.
when i want to talk to someone the most, my snapchat stops working
;several reportedly dead after paris shootings and explosions; connection unknown
Fidel Castro died has died... on our way to Versailles for croquetas and celebration.
"Tsunami warning issued after 7.3 magnitude quake in Japan; residents urged to flee Fukushima coast - b"...
Fidel Castro is dead, Obama's term is ending, and the Eurocratic Union is crumbling. 2016 was a great year.
Congrats India! That was a humiliating defeat to Eng when it seemed the match will be drawn! ;All round team effort in the series!
friendly reminder that if you have no connection to Fidel Castro, its always ok to not have a take &amp; read tweets from people who do have one
is anyone else's snapchat not working ????
RT scoopwhoopnews: England are getting pummeled in Chennai! Karun Nair is going all guns blazing, has raced to 290 already.;;
2016: Alicia Vikander Wins Best Supporting Actress for
India wins Kabbadi World cup. Its a team effort. Ajay Thakur, Sandeep Narwal, Nitin Tomar and Surjeet, you were the real heros
Whys my snap not workinggggggggg
Snapchat is not working and I'm about to lose a 159 day streak.
there have been reports of shootings, explosions and now a hostage situation going on in paris. 18 confirmed dead. #parisattacks
Celebrating India's win in Kabaddi World Cup. Well done Team India
RIP Fidel Castro, winner of the Cold War
india won by innings and 75 runs...congrts team india
Japanese broadcaster NHK now reports the tsunami has been seen 20km from the coast.
that was a splendid performance from Team India, for a reason.
snapchat not working is making me realize how much i use it....
World Cup Champions that sounds awesome mighty proud
Can't believe Fidel Castro ruled over Cuba for such a long time! Power never leaves people's hands easily
Lmao the fact that I literally said a week ago Fidel Castro needed to go and he did today .. bruh
Karun Nair took just 75 balls to reach 300 from 200. Virender Sehwag-esque!
upto 26 dead in paris &amp; 60;hostages....pray for paris. a night of terror in paris, can hear the horror in reporters voice #prayforparis
breaking news &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;multiple terror attacks in paris !! explosions, firing and hostage situations !! several dead !!
I'm not mad at that Alicia Vikander was spectacular in The Danish Girl
Karun nair 250* fab innings by an young playrr
Congratulations team india and to the captain and team ;4-0 score level ;
;J K Simmons announces Best Supporting Actress Award- Alicia Vikander for The Danish Girl;;
cnn reporting 18 dead in 2 restaurant and bar near a stadium attacks in paris this evening.
Me finding out Fidel Castro died
Didn't see Danish Girl, but I really like Alicia Vikander, so that's cool.
Ajay Thakur is really a hero ..typical patriot who is lifting India up today ..Top raider of the world cup...we r proud of u Ajay
THREE HUNDRED TO Karun Nair
i love my india thak all of team
It's pretty disturbing to see so many ppl upset and sad about the news of Fidel Castro dying. Do you realize what he did to many Cubans?
Japan earthquake: 7.3 magnitude quake strikes off Fukushima - tsunami warning issued via
Trump just won Florida and I just saw my life flash before my eyes.
What a victory what a finish... what a finish. congrats TEAM INDIA for remarkable Test Victory over TEAM ENGLAND
BREAKING: Cuban TV announces the death of long-time leader, Fidel Castro, at age 90, reports
Looks like Fidel Castro has died, WOW. One of the key figures in the Cuban Missile Crisis
I bet all the people tweeting RIP Fidel Castro right now couldn't nam 5 of his songs.
250 for Karun Nair. How many times he'll trouble people in the pavilion to stand up and applaud?
I cannot believe Fidel Castro is dead
when my snapchat isn't working and neither is anyone else's
Karun Nair scores maiden Test triple ton after reaching triple figures for the 1st time in his 3rd test against at Chennai
Find out what car travelled to the World Cup final in, next on the Motorshow with
Karun Nair is racing towards a triple as India pile on their highest total in Test history ;;
If I loose my 314 day streak with because snapchat isn't working I'm gonna cry
Congrats team indian 4 giving us a happiness 2 win d series by margin of 4-0 .jeet ho 2 aaisi warna na ho..
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan
Wohooo that is another world cup... Go Team india.... Ajay Thakur hero
Nah man I thought Fidel Castro would live forever.
Karun nair Is On Fire
anti-American wore a Fidel Castro shirt at a press conference, now Castro is f'ing dead. Get with the program, take a "colon"
Karun Nair has been batting for 378 deliveries, and Henry Blofeld has stilled managed to pronounce his name differently every single time
Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake Strikes Off Fukushima in Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued via
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan
Fidel Castro couldn't handle Donald being president. R.I.P
paris: police say 18 dead. reports of shootings &amp; explosions
Congratulations Team India ;What a victory...;What a team and Capacity.;Virat ...you beauty.;Way to go boys
The Cuban ppl have lost an iconic ldr but the core of the revolution is embedded in their very being. RIP Fidel Castro.
Surely the grilled cubano will be special of the day Saturday at ; in ;Fidel Castro
Brevo....congret... indian teem for won kabbadi world cup
Lol why is snapchat not working
Bye bye Mr Fidel Castro. Very remarkable political icon of 20th Century.
Fidel Castro is dead. A pity the tyrant never met justice in this world. Good riddance. Hopefully someday soon we can toast to a free Cuba.
About time Fidel Castro died.
He just Won Florida Wohu
A close field of contenders for this year's BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS - Alicia Vikander has taken the statue.
Year ends on a high note.;Congratulations team INDIA.
Oscars 2016 red carpet sees nominees Brie Larson and Alicia Vikander lead the glamour: The stars, who are the ...
What a time to come home to see bat &amp; hit 300 runs !! what a knock!! Congratulations Karun Nair!!
Alicia Vikander is a fantastic actor in every movie she's in and she deserves this. No complaints.
My generation learned to hate Fidel Castro.
honestly i'm so happy alicia vikander is getting recognition
Meet Karun Nair, India's only TRIPLE CENTURION in Tests after Virender Sehwag. Incredible!
Ummm Is my snapchat the only one not working?!
Watching news of the magnitude 7.3 earthquake in Fukushima, Japan on Tsunami height expected to reach three meters.
Cuba's Fidel Castro, former president, dies aged 90
I love Alicia Vikander! &lt;3 Glad she won. Jennifer Jason Leigh deserved it too in my opinion though :(
Japan earthquake: 7.3 magnitude quake strikes off Fukushima - tsunami warning issued via
Japan Earthquake Today: 7.3-Magnitude Hits Near Fukushima, Tsunami Warning Issued 2017
IS FIDEL CASTRO ACTUALLY DEAD THIS IS UNREAL
Fidel Castro is dead, which is one of those world events that I'm not sure how to feel about
Why isn't my snapchat working like please don't do this to me
INDIA won kabbadi world cup 2016 beating IRAN by 38-29 ....pakistan murdabad ... ha ha
Why black Americans love Fidel Castro via
Fidel Castro dies aged 90 , former president of Cuba via
2016 so savage, even Fidel Castro couldnt survive it.
Colombian authorities report plane carrying dozens has crashed near Medellin - AP, BBC
India won the kabadi world cup 2016.
India lifts Kabbadi World Cup beats Iran
Longtime former leader and revolutionary icon Fidel Castro has died aged 90, state televis
Karun Nair, WHAT AN INNING !! ;Maiden Triple Century in 1st go.
And the goes to Alicia Vikander (reparto) THE DANISH GIRL.
pray for Japan they just had an earthquake hope they don't have another tsunami
Any particular reason why Snapchat is not working?
at least 18 dead in paris shootings: bfm tv: paris (reuters) - at least 18 people were killed in shootouts in ...
god damn it: 18 dead in paris
globe and mail: at least 26 dead after restaurant shootouts, explosions in paris
;What a talent--Karun Nair scores 300 plus against England at Chennai.
( french president hollande holds emergency mtg after deadly attacks,26 dead. #paris
Incredible win for Indian cricket team. Well done boys! Great effort, remarkable team work and all round contribution!! We are proud of you!
Fidel Castro died today at the age of 90. Holy crap.
Triple ton for Karun Nair... congrats....u r now next to Viru paaji....
India wins Kabaddi World Cup 2016.;Super proud moment
Who would have thought at stumps yesterday that Karun Nair gonna score a triple century today? Big big congratulations.
Plane reportedly carrying Brazilian football team Chapecoense crashes in Colombia
I merked zombies with that man. RIP Fidel Castro.
Congratulations India kabaddi team to be the winner of kabaddi world cup.;Well played
Tsunami warning after 7.3 earthquake hits Japan via
Fidel Castro Dead: Cuban Revolutionary Leader Dies At 90 via
I love when snapchat doesn't work
News anchor said "Fidel Castro is finally dead"
Congratulation... ;;Team India Kapadi...;; Won the World cup 2016 ;;
When you were literally just talking about Fidel Castro dying today and then it happens
Wasn't Alicia Vikander in a vetter movie this year? She should have won for Ex Machina.
India are the World champs in Kabaddi. India beat Iran In Kabaddi World Cup Finals . What a champion performance.
india win ..what a great achievment team india ...
Well deserved for Alicia Vikander!
Alicia Vikander. the next big thing.
Reports: Plane carrying Copa Sudamericana finalist Chapecoense crashes in Colombia
And just like that, Fidel Castro dies.
No.1 Bowler Ashwin took only one Wicket! No.2;Batsman scored only 15 Runs! Still No.1 Team India;manage to win the Test by an innings!
M7.3 hit Japan 5:56am Tuesday, MeteorologicalAgency issuing tsunami advisories for much of the nation's northern Pacific coast.
Congrats Alicia Vikander!!!! You were my favorite! ;
With this earthquake, the Japan Meteorological Agency announced a tsunami warning on the coast of Fukushima Prefecture.
The goat Fidel Castro couldn't even survive 2016.
Plane Carrying Brazilian Soccer Team Crashes In Colombia
Cuban President Raul Castro Has Announced the Death of His Brother Fidel Castro
San Francisco mourning death of Fidel on Castro St. with candle light vigil.
So Fidel Castro is dead, his age mate Mugabe, 92, is breathing and RULING !
FLORIDA IS OFF OF THE TABLE. HE BASICALLY WON FL. MICHIGAN IS OUR FOCUS RN.
Plane carrying Brazilian football team Chapecoense crashes in Colombia
Plane Carrying Football Players From Brazil Crashes in Colombia
Wtf plane carrying a soccer team crashes... not being biased to the other ppl. hopefully they are all fine .
When you type "snapchat not working" just to make sure you're not the only one struggling
#alert paris police: at least 14 dead, death toll in total at 3 scenes to 26 and expected to clibm
Me: OK I'll start my homework now; no excuses like the last 100 times.;;*Fidel Castro dies*;;*Doesn't touch homework until 11:30pm Sunday*
Mag-7.3 quake strikes Japan; tsunami warning issued
Historical 'Karun Nair' scored triple century became 2nd Indian Cricketer who scored 300 in test.
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued
If you can't handle me at my Fulgencio Batista, you don't deserve me at my Fidel Castro
Congrats to Karun Nair,after Sehwag who would have thought that it would be him to make a triple
at least 18 dead after #shootings, #explosions in #paris, afp says
Fidel Castro died? I legit thought he died a few years ago and his brother was running the show on his behalf...
18 dead in paris... (french media reports)
WOWOWOWOW I HATE TO INFORM YALL THAT MY UNCLE FIDEL CASTRO JUST DIED
And there it is! Soak it all up Karun Nair. This is beyond amazing.
Lmao mint snapchat is working x
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit the coast of Fukushima prefecture in Japan at 5:50 AM on November 22nd. ;;Tsunami warning is alarming now.
Japan Earthquake Today: 6.9-Magnitude Hits Near Fukushima, Tsunami Warning Issued via
Is anyone else's snapchat not working
Cuba's former leader Fidel Castro has died aged 90, state TV announces
DZMM: Plane carrying Brazilian Football team reportedly crashed with 89 on board. Lord have mercy on them
congratulations team India defeating England in 4th test at Chennai done excellent performance.
Trump won Florida? This might actually happen...
Triple century by karun nair in only his 2nd test match! some achievement
Its All Over Team India Won By Innings &amp; 75 Runs against England &amp; Won 5 Match Test Series 4-0.
Colombian authorities report plane carrying dozens has crashed near Medellin - AP, BBC
Donald Trump just won Florida and is almost guaranteed to be President
Karun Nair goes past VVS Laxman's 281. Now only Sehwag has scored more runs in an inns for India.
alicia vikander is swedish. as i am. so i know that our kind does not tan naturally like that.
if everyone who voted for gary &amp; jill voted for hillary she would have won florida .....
breaking news police : 3 attacks in paris, several dead.
Incredible win for Team India..;From 130/0 to 207 all out.. And Jadeja the reason.. ;
Florida is blue in that pic RT May I remind u guys this was Obama vs Romney and Obama won
Congratulations Indian Kabaddi team for winning 2016 Kabaddi World Cup!!
BREAKING: Donald Trump has won Florida, leads 222- 209. Republicans confident of his victory now.
prayers for paris, the city is under attack 26 dead so far, attacks in perhaps three different areas, gunfire and...
Report: Fidel Castro Dies at Age 90
Why does snap always quit working when I'm tryna message people
I personally never seen Fidel Castro to be a bad guy, but rather a person who would not surrender to Americans telling him what to do.
Karun Nair brings up his Triple Century, what an innings !! Remember, he was dropped on 34 by Cook.
BREAKING: Plane carrying 81 people from Brazil has crashed in Colombia
Alicia Vikander was awesome! My 1st prediction
Don't realise how much I use snapchat until it doesn't work
dunno why I'm so bothered about snapchat not working, not like I get any snapchats anyway.
shocked to hear about plane crash carrying football players from Lets pray for everyone.
Watch the LIVE coverage from Japan following the major earthquake and possible tsunami.
BREAKING: Former Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has died at 90.
Best supporting actress goes to Alicia Vikander
Actually mind blown that Trump won Florida its nothing but spanish people here
And the Oscar for goes to ... Alicia Vikander for
This Indian test team is set to push limits, go beyond expectations,turn the tables &amp; extract wins no matter what!
Unbelievable kid Karun nair ,keep breaking record
Karun Nair is Going to Break Viru Pa's Record in sometime
Congratulations to Indian kabaddi team winning world cup, that's the power, proud to be an Indian
I heard "Donald won Florida" and I burst out into tears y'all.
WashPost and BBC disagree which Castro has died. WaPo says Raul and BBC says Fidel. Accuracy vs speed, still unsure.
Is anyone else's snapchat not working? Or just mine
deadly shooting, explosion reported in paris
Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake Strikes Fukushima Area Of Japan, Tsunami Warning Issued by via
Karun Nair in this Test;;Scored 1st 50 converted to Century;;Scored 1st Century converted to 150;;Scored 1st 150 converted to 200
oh fidel castro died;;i totally didn't think he was already dead ahaha you're all stupid if you think that haha
"I don't know how to live in a world where Florence Henderson no longer exists.";- Fidel Castro, 11/25/2016
anybody else's snapchat not working
Trump won Florida, lol he's the new pres guys. Smh.
"DING DONG THE CUCK IS DEAD! ... Marxist Dictator FIDEL CASTRO Dies at 90!!!"
this is really really bad in paris. police usually initially suppress numbers of dead to reduce panic spread. already 11 confirmed dead.
Am I the only one whose snap isn't working?
Big earthquake and tsunami warning in Japan. Hope all our brothers and sisters are OK. &lt;3
Retweeted NEWSTALK1010 ( tsunami warning has been issued for Japan after a 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck.
I have seen From A source That Fidel Castro has finally died ......is this true?
Fidel Castro has died. RIP.....
at least 26 dead after explosion, shooting reported in paris - ny daily news
suicide bomber in paris 11 confirmed dead so far when will it end #animals #prayforparis
Congrats team india....once again india has won all the editions of kabaddi world cup
India tops the World Cup kabaddi tournament .... happy ......
Snapchat ain't working and I'm gonna snap
Wasn't Alicia Vikander in like 204450349 films this year?
why is snapchat not working i have streaks i need to save
reports of shooting, with several people dead, in paris
what a match!! awesome come back.. we won world cup..time to cheer ..game humari,zameen humari aur wc bhi...
Karun Nair being a beast! England players have been brought down to their knees.
Congratulation team India. ... good play against England
Who else's snapchat isn't working
And god said "I gave you president Trump. The least I can do is take Fidel Castro."
PROUD TO BE INDIAN...; CONGRATZ TO TEAM INDIA WINNING KABADDI WORLD CUP 2016..
Congratulations Alicia Vikander and for Best Supporting Actress!
Sees Colin Kaepernick trending because Fidel Castro died. Still hopes for 25-30 points for his fantasy team this week.
BREAKING: Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
KL Rahul, Karun Nair Put Best Foot Forward to Keep India Robust vs. England in 5th Test
Wtf is wring w Snapchat, why isn't it working rn
Fidel Castro just died, can't wait to see the 12 year old virgins on FT tweet his propaganda
Tsunami warning for up to 10-foot waves issued for Japan after quake off Fukushima.
I don't understand people defending Fidel Castro, yeah he challenged the US but being friends w/ Cubans and having Cubans in my family
struck by large 7.3 EQ strikes Japan. Tsunami warning in effect! RT!
With Fidel Castro's death, another tyrant has left the Earth. That's a good thing for humanity.
Plane carrying a Brazilian football side crashes
paris under attack;four shootings kalashnikov shots: at least 18 dead;explosions near the stadium, 60 hostages in concert hall
#breaking 18 dead and hostages taken in series of attacks across #paris #fusillade #parisshooting
Commentators talked about his triple ton in the Ranji trophy final so much that Karun Nair extended his maiden test ton to a triple century
Fidel Castro died. Rest In Peace.
Alicia Vikander is lovely. I'm glad she won.
Fidel Castro couldn't handle another month of 2016 either.
the scary thing about that map w/ obama winning.. is.. that obama won florida. hillary is not.
EXCLUSIVE: Even Alicia Vikander Agrees Her Gorgeous Oscars Dress Looks Like Princess Belle: 'That Was ... -
Japan tsunami warning after earthquake
Well done, Alicia Vikander. She was the absolute best thing about that movie.;
at least 26 people confirmed dead in paris tonight. absolutely shocking. makes me sick to the pit of my stomach.
Airplane carrying Brazilian socer team and dozens of others crashes in Colombia
Alicia Vikander has been killing it this past year.
Trump has won Florida, my second incorrect prediction.
Have never seen an Indian team play as dominantly as the current one. Incredible performance once again.; #
Plane carrying 81 involved in accident in Colombia
Congratulations team india... Now the score has been settled... ; ;
RIP to the last great leader, Fidel Castro. He was too good, too wise for this world. Strength to Cuba.
Sehwag;Laxman;Dravid;Karun Nair;250+ elite company for India!;
explosions, shooting in paris restaurant leaves 18 dead hostages taken france germany
team india 5th test win bye ing &amp; 74 runs &amp; win the series 4/0
Earthquake sparks Japan tsunami warning
Tsunami statement after 7.3 Japan quake.
My grandmothers outlasted Fidel Castro. I am happy.
Florence Henderson and Fidel Castro are two-thirds of the weirdest death trio ever.
Tsunami may be 3 meters or higher after earthquake off Fukushima, Japan, NHK announces via
Plane carrying football players from Brazil crashes in Colombia;
does Snapchat ever work !! so annoying
The leader of the Cuban revolution who steered the country through decades of US Blockade has reportedly died. Rest in peace, Fidel Castro.
Kabaadi world cup:india lead 27:22 against iron
Congrats Indian Kabaddi Team for the World Cup win.Proud moment for the country.
Is it just me or is snapchat not working properly???
Well played India and many many congratulations to team India and
Why is Snapchat not working
Colin Kaepernick called a hypocrite by Miami columnist for defending Fidel Castro
Snapchat World Lenses aren't for your face: Here's how they work
amit mittal from barodameo i congratulate karun nair for 300 runs
I'm annoyed at myself for being annoyed that Snapchat isn't working
paris attack: shootout and explosion reported in the french capital, 'several dead'
Wow snaps not working what a surprise
Fidel Castro death is a loss for humanity especially for Cubans Let's C if this news is true or not. God bless Fidel Castro
Superb cumbck from India in 2nd half, Congrats 2 Indian Kabbadi Team 4 winng worldcup is champ
retweeted michael ian black ( awful, awful news in paris. 18 shot dead. ;;if only we...
He's won Florida, don't see him losing it now.
I never use snapchat but when I do it doesn't work
Plane carrying a Brazilian football team crashes in Colombia - Independent.ie
is anyone else's Snapchat not working???
domdyer70: at least 18 dead many wounded &amp; hostages being held in paris terror attacks tonight
Is any one else's Snapchat not working.....
me bc snapchat stopped working
Tsunami warning after strong earthquake hits Japan
18 dead in paris so far and a hostage drama unfolding. not a good place to be today
lonard cohen, fidel castro and prince all die in the same week. Can 2016 just end already!
Alicia Vikander certainly sounds Danish.
Take a Bow Young Man Karun Nair!!! ;.;India Declared 759/7 | lead by 282 runs
With Azhar Ali earlier in the year scoring 300, hoping Karun Nair to get one in his name to show we too can do it post Viru Era.
Congratulations Team India;India Won the 5 match Test series 4-0
So Karun Nair wants to score 300 today itself. He started playing as a ODI player after he scored 250.
Highest ever test total 4 crossed &amp; 300 for Karun Nair. Go
Japan earthquake: 7.3 magnitude quake strikes off Fukushima - tsunami warning issued
Fidel Castro dies, aged 90 via
All of you Tweeting that Fidel Castro is dead, why are you even linking to an article? In 2016 I believe you just as much either way.
Yooooo wtf I'm so high and Fidel Castro just died this is so weird LOL everyone in ariels neighborhood are screaming and honking outside
Karun Nair just scored more runs in an innings than Sachin in his entire career
must only be my snapchat that's working
Alicia Vikander Best Supporting Actress "The Danish Girl"
Alicia Vikander! What is going on with Eddie Redmayne's face? He's about to burst.
Plane carrying Brazilian football team Chapecoense crashes in Colombia - The Guardian
Fidel Castro is dead.. He was 90.. Another historical figure of our time
Alicia Vikander will win for the wrong movie. She was way better in Ex Machina.
shootings and explosions in different places of #paris tonight, let's pray for the victimes, at least 18 dead already.
Wowwwww. This man won Florida.
Unbeaten 303 from Karun Nair, KL Rahul makes 199 and India belts 7-759d. Ridiculous.
I learned of Fidel Castro's well deserved death from name. Take THAT CNN!
at least 18 dead in attacks in central #paris;via
If Hillary had won Florida and Ohio the race would've been almost over
7.3 Magnitude Earthquake hits Fukushima, Japan. 3 Meter Tsunami warning at this time (22 November, 2016, 5:59am)
Fun fact: Academy Award winner Alicia Vikander is besties with Tove Lo and Icona Pop!
Jaddu 50!!! ;;Lucky Karun nair to see Sir Jadeja scoring 50 so closely
Hillary could have won Florida if 100,000 people who voted for Gary actually voted for Hillary.
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast of Fukushima in Japan. Evacuation warnings for tsunami.
Is it just my snapchat that won't work? or..
She and her dress rule the world!!!%Aliciavikanfer
Fidel Castro is actually dead wtf
"Fidel Castro" 's teaching will be with us always;RIP champion
paris under attack: at least 18 dead via #auspol
Well played India..Congrats Team India Champion 2016 kabaddi world cup..
Cuba s Fidel Castro has died aged 90 - The West Australian via
Fidel Castro dead at 90. RIP
My friend just randomly yelled out "Fidel Castro died"
Will Fidel Castro dying supersede this debacle!? I hope so...
Why has my Snapchat decided to stop working????
What an emphatic victory! Performed as a team and good captaincy. Congratulations team India.
Alicia Vikander wins the supporting actress award. What do you think of that? Was she worthy?
You Will Always Be Remembered For The Mark You Have Left In This World, Rest In Peace Fidel Castro
Cuba's Fidel Castro, former president, dies aged 90
Well played;CNGRTS TEAM INDIA;JAI HO
breaking: police report 18 dead in #paris violence. continuing coverage live on
i miss fidel castro already.
at least one good thing came from 2016, RIP Fidel Castro
Fidel Castro muere.. A be back
Hearty congratulations to the Indian cricket Team. India wins the series against Eng 4-0.
#sirajsolution's: paris under attack: at least 26 dead, 60 held hostage: at least 26 people ... #tech #news #info
several feared dead after gunman opens fire at restaurant in paris: reports: several feared dead after gunman opens fire at restauran...
I think I read something about Fidel Castro and bat boy in weekly world news once. That's all I know about him. I hope bat boy is okay
Fidel Castro, Cuba's former president, dies aged 90
Fidel Castro, revolutionary Cuban icon, dies aged 90
Japan hit by 7.3 magnitude earthquake, prompting tsunami warning
any doubt of islamic? at least 18 dead in attacks in paris and 60 hostages reported taken at concert hall |
Fidel Castro's death is just the political nudge we needed to go full Tom Clancy.
Damn I thought Fidel Castro BEEN perished
Well done Ajay Thakur, You are the hero of the match.india won d worldcup
Alicia Vikander is too cute.
yo s/o to fidel castro;;the cia originally funded him to overthrow batista. then spent decades trying to fry him.
If you had asked me 5 minutes ago when did Fidel Castro die I would have guessed between 1998-2002 I won't lie on here to my friends
bbc bulletin- mayhem in paris right now. 18 dead.
Karun Nair is very near to maiden triple century.... He converted maiden century to maiden double and on on it's way to triple... Keep going
Colin Kaepernick engaged in a "heated" discussion about Fidel Castro with a reporter in Florida last week.
Tom Hooper has now directed 3 actors to Colin Firth, Anne Hathaway and Alicia Vikander. UGH
Congrats Team India for a ruthless and absolutely dominating 4-0 win!
Very large earthquake has shaken northern Japan - tsunami warnings are in effect along the coast
paris attacks: french police union now reporting 20 dead
Plane carrying players from crashes in no report on possible casualties.
KATCHING MY I: Brie Larson &amp; Alicia Vikander lead glamour on the Oscars red carpet
Y'all my coworker and I were literally talking about Fidel Castro hours before it was announced that he died and I think we jinxed him
A tsunami warning is in effect for Japan's Fukushima Prefecture after a 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck off of Honshu at 5:59 a.m. Tuesday
Alicia Vikander Wins For Best Supporting Actress.;;
So, the CIAs exploding cigar finally worked. BBC News - Fidel Castro, dies aged 90
"Maybe snapchat not working is a way of Hillary getting her revenge."
Karun Nair has become only the 2nd man ever (V Sehwag, 2004 &amp; 2008) to post 300+ in a Test innings for India.
Alicia Vikander is so poised, lovely and talented I wish I could be her
Clinton won Virginia. The current electoral count is 188 Clinton and 187 Trump. Florida is still undecided.
TOKYO (AP) -- Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
lets be honest everyone thought fidel castro was already dead
yare paris shootings and explosions leave several dead, source says - abc news: the australianparis shoot... yare
Wow Wat a win by team India, was magnificent, excellent team performance! COME ON INDIA!
Congrats to for winning best supporting actress Alicia Vikander in a supportive role
Karun Nair plays some trademark Rohit Sharma shot in this marathon inning. ;;
Alicia Vikander looks like a real princess &lt;3
Hope for Nic Maddinson yet.........Karun Nair only averaged 8.5 after 1 test, now averaging 160 after 1.5 tests
Fidel Castro just died;;here's a picture
Congrats Indian Kabaddi team to clinch world cup 2016
Wolf chosen as 2018 FIFA World Cup Official Mascot and named Zabivaka
All the best to Indian Team for ;Famous Victory ...;;
at least 18 apparently dead in paris. multiple attacks
18 people dead after multiple attacks in paris; more casualties expected - via
Japan issues tsunami warning after magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast near... by via
reported paris shooting/bombing with at least 18 dead. what is the world coming to? so far 3 different incidents;;
Wat a win for Team India. A difrnt Hero for evry situation ;Congrats for fantastic performance in final hour. ;
This India team is the replica of Ricky Ponting's Australian team.. draw never on the cards
Earthquake sparks Japan tsunami warning
Congratz Team 2016 World Cup Winner defeat 38 - 29;;Kabaddi is State Game
Till yesterday Karun Nair was unknown to many and today he has risen.
This test series win has created many records for India. Many more congratulations to team India...!;&amp; Best luck for one day and T20.
Tsunami warning issued after quake off Fukushima in Japan...
What a match .....;We won kabaddi world cup....;Hard luck IRANA...;AJAY THAKUR the real HERO..
My mood right now because of the fact that snapchat is laggy and isn't working...
If Snapchat could start working again that'd be great
Why is my snapchat not working!!:((
why isn't snapchat working rn that is so rude
India have won the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup!!!!
Did anyone else's snapchat just stopped working?
Karun Nair's batting is not too pretty to look at. But it's effective nonetheless!
High key upset snapchat isn't working
They've just finished building a wall around that Nuclear Reactor from the last Tsunami. ;;Nature is trolling Japan.
wow wow wow team india and congrats 4-0 series won well played boys
I am worried for my japanese friend about the big earthquake and a tsunami is comming... It's awful !!
Japan earthquake strikes off Fukushima, tsunami warning issued via
"Condemn me, it does not matter; history will absolve me." Long Live Fidel Castro and Long Live Cuba
Why is my Snapchat not working
Well done Karun Nair, your innings has given India a chance to make it 4-0
several dead in shootout at paris restaurant; explosions near france-germany soccer match
7.3 Quake hits Fukushima in Japan. Tsunami warning has been issued
Congratulation team india &amp; for the great victory...
Now i am first timea big fan of a cricketer. He is karun nair.What a player mindblowing fantastic cricket by the super star
Fidel Castro finally died. Lucifer is dancing a jig
Long-time Cuban leader Fidel Castro dies at age 90, state TV announces
Tsunami warning issued after earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 7.3 off eastern Japan - NHK via
Alicia Vikander is simply gorgeous
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, triggering tsunami warning
Love Rachel McAdams! But I think Alicia Vikander will get it
Tsunami warning issued after 6.9 quake off Fukushima in Japan
Man, Alicia Vikander had a huge year in 2015. Multiple major films including Ex Machina and The Danish Girl. Now she has an for it.
Even Fidel Castro didn't want to live in a world where is President
The dude just won Florida!!!
Tsunami Warning Issued in Japan Following 6.9 Magnitude Quake [Updating]
Question: How many Academy voters selected Alicia Vikander because they were slyly voting for her Ex-Machina performance?
at least 18 reported dead in paris attacks via the android app -obams friends at it again.
Fidel Castro died? Quick somebody change up the traveling rules
Cuba's former leader Fidel Castro has died aged 90, state TV announces
Tsunami warning issued after earthquake off Fukushima, Japan
Plane carrying members of Brazilian team Chapecoense has reportedly crashed en route to the Copa Sudamericana final.
Alicia Vikander is STUNNING. I think she is the cutest. So glad she won!
History made triple century by Karun Nair
This knock by KarunNair just showed how poor is the English bowling attack and then they say Kohli has become a better test batsman
DEVELOPING: Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes near Fukushima, Japan. Tsunami warning issued. More to come
The best Actress in Supporting Role is Alicia Vikander SHE DESERVES IT!
India only test team.to be undefeated in 2016..What an achievement
Kabaddi World Cup 2016 Final, India vs Iran, Live scores and updates: India close in on title via
5th Test: Karun Nair Nears Double Ton as India Take Charge
No7 always important for India to win world cup ;No7 ajay kabbadi ;No7 Msdhoni cricket w cup
Alicia Vikander just won for Ex Machina and nothing anyone says will convince me otherwise!!!
Oh no! Kate didn't get her Oscar. Alicia Vikander however is also an exceptional actress - and that dress is beaut!
explosions, shooting in paris restaurant leaves 18 dead hostages taken france germany
Father of Communist Cuba, Fidel Castro dies
Airplane carrying Brazilian pro football players crashes in Colombia
I began revolution with 82 men.If I had to do it again,I do it with 10-15 &amp; absolute faith.It doesn't matter how small you're - Fidel Castro
breaking: 26 people dead in paris! three suicidebombers.. just bizar...
'shootings' reported in central paris: there are reports of several deadly shootings across a number of sites ...
My grandma grew up in Cuba as Fidel Castro was coming to power and I'm at her house rn...this will be interesting
Watching Election Returns At The Alley Oakland - Trump Won Ohio, Florida via
Fidel Castro just died. Can't wait to cringe at the communist sympathizers
Guys we all need to pray for people in Japan atm. Tsunami warning has been given off
Karun Nair come on Son... 300
Japan Earthquake7.3 magnitutde. That is pretty bigaan only 160 miles from Tokyo. Tsunami alert issued.5.3 was days ago, too
When Snapchats not working you realise how essential it is in your life, so boring without it oh my
dead bodies outside the stade de france whilst a football match goes on inside it. terrorism is so sad. #prayforparis
"History Will Absolve Me..." -Fidel Castro;It already has. Vas Bien Fidel.;Rest in Power my dear comrade.
Hey, since nobody talks about it, Alicia Vikander was excellent in Testament Of Youth, too. Worth checking out.
Supporting Actress goes to Alicia Vikander
Anyone else's snapchat not working
FORMER PRESIDENT OF CUBA FIDEL CASTRO HAS DIED
Karun Nair Will Break Lara's Record At This Rate
What a victory to team India, well deserved, congratulations
Almost there on the verge of a world record where u score a double &amp; triple hundred in the same innings u score ur maiden hundred Karun Nair
Fidel Castro stood up to a capitalist superpower during the Cold War. He also was an ally to Nelson Mandela.
No porn of the new mascot for the football world cup on FA yet. I'm disappointed of you, furries.
India wins kabbadi world cup 2016.. congrats team india...
Alicia Vikander by far had My Favorite Performance of The Year n Also I Luv Her!!!
developing story at least 18 dead in gun and grenade attack in central paris suspected terrorist attack
And thank you Team India :)
Congrats team India for winning the kabbadi world cup...
Plane carrying them might have crashed, hope everyone is safe
Fidel Castro died I've heard his name once in my life
GETS IT IN THE GAP PAST COOK AND THERE IS THE 303 FOR KARUN NAIR OFF 381 BALLS! STAND &amp; APPLAUD! WHAT A GREAT KNOCK! OUTSTANDING!
Congrulating Men in Blue for being consistent in Winning World cups for Country. ;
Fidel Castro deserved to die. He was a horrible human.
Cuba state television has this morning announced the death of Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz, commonly known as Fidel...
Amazing 18 tests undefeated in a row good record for Indian team !
Snapchat is currently not working and then I realized oh my God I need Snapchat
i know what dead bodies look like. we don't need to see people's loved ones on the streets of #paris. have some respect.
paris police still searching for gunmen accused of shooting in paris restaurant. at least 7 wounded, several dead.
If you are in Japan watch out!!!!! Tsunami warning Fukushima Prefecture
Alicia Vikander has been a true overnight success this year
oh hey, Fidel Castro died this year too
coordinated terrorist attacks happening in paris now, least 18 dead. hostages being held. praying 4 everyone there.
First an earthquake and now a potential tsunami. Pray for Japan. May God have mercy on everyone affected.
Japan 7.3 magnitude quake near Fukushima with tsunami alert triggered
Magnitude 7.3 earthquake off coast of Fukushima in Japan. Evacuation warnings for tsunami.
casualties reported in paris shootings, explosions leave several dead -
Alicia Vikander is the true belle of the ball now
Fidel Castro, dead at 90 years old:
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced the death of his brother Fidel Castro on Cuban state media.
So far, no sight of a tsunami off Japan's coast. Officials expecting a 3-meter wave to strike shortly.
Former Cuban dictator Fidel Castro is dead at the age of 90.
We are the Kabaddi World Cup Champions 2016!!! What a night!!
Fidel Castro. Whoa. Stay hard
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro has died, state media report. He was 90.
18 dead, more casualties expected in paris after several shooting incidents; hostage situation also underway allah akbar-keep ur powder dru
What a day for Indian cricket team, congrats to / / team ! You guys truly made my day , thanks
Plane carrying football players from Brazil crashes in Colombia via
I'm in love with Alicia Vikander
7.3 magnitude earthquake in the Fukushmina area of Japan with tsunami expected. ; live video:
I believe it's over. He just won Florida.
the 11 million people in florida that didn't vote could have been the difference needed for hillary to have won
Yes Alicia Vikander! Well deserved
breaking: a number of people are feared to be dead after a shooting and explosions in central paris. more on shortly
Fidel Castro Dies at 90, Cuban State TV Announces via
ABC Fidel Castro Has Died at Age 90, Brother Says
police saying at least 18 dead at scene of 2 gun attacks in #parisattacks. hostages taken. deaths also reported at stade de france
Proud Once Again...India lifts World Cup ;Downs equally brilliant Iran 38-29
shooting in paris ,2 explosions at soccer field. not sure if terror or between france vs germany football! 3 deadbar
If anyone thought Kohli would declare after Karun Nair's 250, now he's approaching 300.
champions (y) &lt;3;; beat Iran 38-29 to win Kabaddi World Cup 2016 ;
Karun Nair has what Sachin Tendulkar does not have. Guess what ...;Score of 250 in test match;Well played Karun
Fidel Castro just died that's brazy
According to CNN, Fidel Castro has died. He was 90.
"Fidel Castro" he promised himself he will never die until the day he sees America elect a dictator
Major quake hits Fukushima, Japan, site of 2011 tsunami and meltdown
YES SO WELL DESERVED ALICIA VIKANDER.
You Beauty. Congratulations Team India. Fantastic win, Fabulous series. Well played :-)
Snapchat not working is the worst thing to happen to the World since the Tolberone drama
RIP Fidel Castro... omg... 2016 has been a crazy year.
RIP Fidel Castro and Carol Brady!!
Congratulations team india....4-0;Hero of the day.... jadeja
Major girl crush on Alicia Vikander
ever since i did the snapchat update my snapchat hasn't been working at all. lovely.
Fidel Castro is DEAD! Finally that no good excuse for a human is finally DEAD!
Congratulations team india for amazing victory against England 4-0.great performance by karun nayar and jadeja
#breakingnews at least 14 dead inside concert hall in paris #parisshooting #totalchaos
Spectacular win for Team India and master what a win...
Karun Nair creates history by his MAIDEN TRIPLE TON at very young age . ;Join for party !
LIVE | Day 2 - FINA/airweave Swimming World Cup 2016 Singapore
Anyone else's snapchat now working ?
#breaking at least 26 people are dead in multiple attacks in central paris:
developing story: 18 people reported dead in paris gunfire &amp; explosions near stadium.
is it just my snapchat that's not working ? :(
Snapchats not working, I blame Trump for this.
A tsunami was detected 20km off the coast of Iwaki, Fukushima in Japan. RUN! JUST RUN!
RT BreakingF24: - Revolutionary Cuban icon Fidel Castro dies aged 90
Karun Nair you make me miss batting!
Individual Highest score by any Indian against ENGLAND by KARUN NAIR 243(338)*;what an innings.....;India 669/6(178.3);
shocking news as the number of dead rises to at least 26 #france #paris
He was one of the most influential leaders of the 20th century. On his own he shaped history. Viva Fidel Castro
18 dead or injured in paris shooting, what a lovely world we live in. sigh.
Karun Nair on 279* what a knock you are playing buddy, hats off
Oscars 2016: Alicia Vikander dresses as Belle from 'Beauty and the Beast'
Fidel Castro dying has got to be the least depressing death of the year.
Why can't Snapchat just bring out an update that makes it actually work rather than it not working 24/7
Trump won Florida and Ohio... Goodbye y'all
Plane carrying football players from Brazil crashes in Colombia: AFP
Another proud moment for us.;Congrts karun Nair and team India
Alicia Vikander headed to prom after this?
Qwhite interesting looking @ the people who are sad about Fidel Castro's death.
Plane Carrying Football Players From Brazil Crashes In Colombia
Alicia Vikander Keeps It Real with Her Post-Oscars Red Carpet Plans
100 with a 4.;200 with a 4.;And now 300 also with a 4.;What an inning.Take a bow to this Young lad.;Name:- Karun Nair.;
snapchat not working is trumps fault
My Snapchat isn't working... thanks Obama
up to 18 people dead in paris? dear lord...
Is anyone else Snapchat not working
Snapchat why you no working??
My snapchat isn't working and it's adding on to my anxiety
Karun Nair! Take a bow!! For An Innings that would had envied even
Configurations to our Kabbadi team for Winning this world cup 2016.
Not even Fidel Castro could survive of Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life ...
This is the spirit of test cricket! Great win for team India. 4-0 Revenge taken. Jadeja displayed his heroism
Congratulations Team India for winning Kabaddi Worldcup 2016.
absolutely chilling events in paris. 18 dead. more held hostage. #prayforparis
french media reports 18 are dead in #paris #breaking
Fidel Castro, former leader of Cuba, dead at age 90
Oscars fashion: Many of the red-carpet stars went soft: Alicia Vikander set the tone on the Oscars red carpet ...
18 dead after a deadly shooting at a local restaurant in paris officials said #parisshooting
just letting you guys know snapchat isn't working so you're not the only one
BREAKING: Magnitude 7.3 earthquake strikes off Fukushima in Japan, tsunami warning issued.
Usually I say Rest In Peace when people die, but you, I'm glad you're gone. Goodbye Fidel Castro.
Dawg Trump just won Florida.;I'm sick
I called Alicia Vikander. If only she was nominated for the GOOD movie she was in (Ex Machina) instead of The Danish Girl.
;;INDIA WINS THE 2016 KABADDI WORLD CUP. CELEBRATIONS BEGINS!;;
First half belonged to Iran. But India too experienced to turn it around after the break. Final score 38-29. kabaddiworldcup2016
I'm so glad I live in a time where I can see news of an earthquake/tsunami warning in Japan and immediately text my mom to see if she's ok
Great Victory by team India 4-0
INDIA the winner of Kabadi in Asia world cup 2016 ;;
No First innings total safe any more against this rampaging Indian team on Home .
is anyone else's snapchat not working?
What a treat to watch sweeps by karun nair.. Proving better than AK with his jhaadhoo
RARE VINTAGE 2006 WORLD CUP UMBRO SWEDEN SVFF SWEDISH SOCCER FOOTBALL JERSEY
Fackkkk. This close in Florida before Trump won it there. Insane!
26 dead people announced. #paris this is horrible. stop the war !
Congratulations for winning Kabadi World Cup!!!
Alicia Vikander is one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen oh my
trump won florida???? what? US PEOPLE COME ON
Fidel Castro dead at age 90
at least 18 dead in attacks in paris and 60 hostages reported taken at concert hall |
snapchat isn't working and I have a 437 day streak &amp; I ain't about to lose that
JUST NOW : Fidel Castro was a Cuban politician and revolutionary
earthquake Namie, Japan. 7.3 prelim - NO Tsunami warning issued as of yet.
When snapchat is not working
Alicia Vikander Gives the Disney Princess Dress a Cool Makeover at the Oscars: When Academy Aw...
my snapchat is not working!!!!
I'm about crying cause Snapchat isn't working
shootings in paris leave 18 dead, explosions also reported, reports say: the shooting occurred in a restaurant...
Karun Nair's 300 is really good but Virender Sehwag's 300 was special.
Best actress in supporting role: Alicia Vikander
Tsunami warning after 7.3 earthquake hits Japan
KARUN NAIR is on FAIR....AGAIN SWEEP....
snapchat isn't working so rip to all my streaks I guess
World cup kabaddi winners list:;2004-Ind;2007-Ind;2010-Ind;2011-Ind;2012-Ind;2013-Ind;2014-Ind;2016-Ind ;;
i wish snapchat would WORK
Fidel Castro living just long enough to see the US and Cuba renew relations and then dying after Trump's election is an all-time great move.
congrats team India kabadi to win the kabadi world cup
Trump has now won key swing states Ohio &amp; North Carolina. Florida will be called for him shortly. It's looking REAL good.
omg alicia vikander is so damn perfect
kabaddi world cup 2016 win india
I don't wish any person dead, but Fidel Castro's obituary is one I've looked forward to for a long time
